Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/plugin-fundamentals/plugin-lifecycle.md

```

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Uninstalling a plugin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9OXrUJzC1I)** when dealing with plugin uninstall routines. Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/configuration-and-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on plugin lifecycle methods, updates, migrations, and uninstall cleanup, see the **[Plugin Lifecycle Management](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/plugin-lifecycle-management)** in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
